## AWS Shared Responsibility Model

- The level of responsibility the customer assumes changes depending on the service they are using.

## AWS Shared Responsibility Model Question

1. Which of the following is the customer's responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility model?

- Patching amazon ec2 instances

## AWS Cloud Security and Compliance Concepts

- AWS Artifact gives you on-demand access to AWS security and compliance reports.

- Compliance requirements vary from service to service.

- Understand what logs are and that they can be used to troubleshoot or audit activity in your AWS account.

- Understand the concept of least privilege.

## AWS Cloud Security and Compliance Concepts Questions

1. Which service enables risk auditing by continuously monitoring and logging account activity, including user actions in the AWS Management Console and AWS SDKs?

   - AWS CloudTrail
     AWS CloudTrail is a service that logs AWS API calls.

- Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring service that you can use to monitor data generated by resources.

- AWS Config is a service that you can use to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources.

- AWS Health provides ongoing visibility into AWS resource availability.

## AWS Access Management Capabilities

Understand that the root user is different from AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users.

IAM roles are assumed identities that provide temporary credentials.

## AWS Access Management Capabilities Questions

1. Which of the following can limit Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket access to specific users?

   - AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies

## AResources for Security Support

Network security:

    Security groups

    Network access control lists (network ACLs)

    AWS WAF

## AResources for Security Support Questions

1. Which AWS service or feature can be used to prevent SQL injection attacks?

   - AWS WAF Web-Application-Firewall

AWS WAF filters traffic on:

    IP addresses

    HTTP headers

    HTTP body

    URI strings
